Docs: clarify exceptions in spaced-comment (fixes #13032) (#13126)
eslint/eslint: docs/rules/spaced-comment.md

* This rule can also take a 2nd option, an object with any of the following keys: `"exceptions"` and `"markers"`.

>     * The `"exceptions"` value is an array of string patterns which are considered exceptions to the rule. The rule will not warn when the pattern starts from the beginning of the first line and repeats until the end of the line or `*/` if the comment is a single line comment.

Reviewer: Comment doesn't have to be at the beginning of a line, so it might be more correct to say "when the pattern starts from the beginning of the comment".

>     Please note that exceptions are ignored if the first argument is `"never"`

Reviewer: Just a missing dot `.` at the end of this sentence.

* This rule can also take a 2nd option, an object with any of the following keys: `"exceptions"` and `"markers"`.

>     * The `"exceptions"` value is an array of string patterns which are considered exceptions to the rule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * The `"exceptions"` value is an array of string patterns that are considered exceptions to the rule. The rule will not warn when the pattern starts from the beginning of the first line and repeats until the end of the line or `*/` if the comment is a single line comment. Please note that exceptions are ignored if the first argument is `"never"`.
```

>     Please note that exceptions are ignored if the first argument is `"never"`. It starts from the beginning of the line and checks untill the end of line or `*/` if its in same line

Reviewer 2: The location of this sentence is a bit confusing, because it's not clear what "it" is referring to here. Please see suggestion above.

Author: yea..does make sense 👍

/*-+-+-+-+-+-+-+*/
```

```js

> /* eslint spaced-comment: ["error", "always", { "line": { "exceptions": ["*"] } }] */

Reviewer: With this configuration, the exception does not apply to the comment below just because it is a `Block` comment.

I think this example would provide more explanation about the behavior of this rule if we change `"*"` to be an exception for `"block"` comments (or simply all comments), not `"line"` comments.

Author: @mdjermanovic like this 

- incorrect

```js
/* eslint spaced-comment: ["error", "always", { "block": { "exceptions": ["*"] }}] */

/**** COMMENT
*
*/
```

- correct

```js
/* eslint spaced-comment: ["error", "always", { "block": { "exceptions": ["*"] }}] */

/****
*
*/
```

Reviewer: The examples you added already look great, I think we should just change the config, from:

`/* eslint spaced-comment: ["error", "always", { "line": { "exceptions": ["*"] } }] */`

to:

`/* eslint spaced-comment: ["error", "always", { "block": { "exceptions": ["*"] } }] */`

in order to make it clear that `/******** COMMENT *******/` doesn't match the exception pattern.

Author: done 👍

> /******** COMMENT *******/

Reviewer 2: Can we add the corresponding correct code snippet to the correct examples below? For example:

```js

/***************/

/******** 
COMMENT 
*******/
```
